hello and welcome back you two I will
show you where how to make the game to
work faster this video is one of my hard
work videos because I work hard and so
hard to find for you the answer how to
mix the games has it like let's get
started see now one of the of my games
just not so much speed up it's a bit
like so now let's start disabling that
window search going to start search here
so let's click it first now go to scroll
down until you find something called
windows search double click it and you
click disabled and you can click here
stop I think okay it's a good way is it
the power to high-performance you see
here the charge or the power right click
and click power options you will see
here many choices you can click here
high performance it makes the games more
speed up and makes the power high
performance I chose the third way remove
them at nearly choke outs from the
desktop like I got here also shortcut
earn it can put it in folder button this
to really get black so like you YouTube
you can put that stone shortcut on it
the fourth way remove the nominated
short cuts from the start menu like here
internet security mccafe right click and
removed from this list that make is so
faster and better five use google chrome
in games that poser is usually fast so
fast now thank you for watching tell you
Francis they play with you games and
they were bad game speed thank you again
note that steps are not disabling the
whole lot but it's just speed up if you
but if you still got that much of like
comment and I know what I should do
always do don't forget to subscribe
thumbs up or make watch more thing by
actual pro goodbye anti my scale those
types games on WWE congregate com
goodbye